for michael i got you from today
Eighth coup is brought so he sees
out
a very simple recipe super delicious
let's see
or is already washed onions
or garlic pumpkin seeds salt pepper
by the time he is looking for olive oil
bake and marinate afterwards
i am a pumpkin seed oil the body
Simply korab make the stalk
it looks like you can pair
fourth time stuck this out
can dry up now
difficult to eat because of this
there are small ones here
difference
that's another caliber that
here is usually a Styrian pumpkin
this is what the Styrian ölkürbis is called
is the hardest but of course for her
He is ideally so happy to get out
if not every club has to peeled
as you know, hokkaido gourd for
but not the butter has to be
Check one look how that makes me
I'm just a sharp knife
I 'm pretty good at cutting us
easy pieces about possibility about
the same size put him casserole clean
or baking sheet just comes the
so much mourning here is what makes the fruit
the same as you only see break out with
we want to work on the shell
taste came with a lot of taste
Garlic is a population of Christian
calculated prestin new
onion
four paid many the aroma of onion
in the pumpkin is not too small
fight otherwise burn onion now
just somehow so rough pieces with
purely take care oh yes really delicious
Milled robot now speaks to eat
to bake first normal sea salt and
uri the whole thing is now slow so 20
minutes at 180 degrees in the oven but how
long in it exactly what I tell you
still
yes I was in it for half an hour now
also have not mind with it
had one but at half an hour 25
maybe even eight minutes
Watching it always depends on it
how big did you ask her
the right one also in the garlic
what a shame
we do not accept any topic at all
nature here great
that you too that she herself that
church with its two minutes before the end
The time over it hit so that
roast so easily
svn because the whole thing two things
beautiful bio travel channel
I can do such a high temperature
much better and finally
As short as banners and pumpkins
However, relatively you can already have one
amount of time something brussels to the conclusion to
flower of the sea in principle this
crisp crisp feeling of salt on it
to bite, of course, very delicious
make the super delicious with
I'm sure that's how I wish it
your beer there then maybe off
I like it and it could be easy
subscribe to it just click on mine
face if you see more recipes
want to turn left and right appears
of it industry